## Persons as moral agents
Ethics refers to rationality in order to underline the fact that only persons can be moral i.e irrational beings cannot be moral. Animals cannot be moral agents because their constitutive essences are not spiritual.
Spirituality of the soul is not the only essential element of the body. The soul is the essential form of the body but to consider the soul as the only part aspect of man that requires dignity is to be unrealistic. Persons carry out actions not as isolated bodies but rather as the unity of the person as a complete whole.
When we met questions of ethics we cannot separate the body and the soul rather we consider human actions as performed by a person because only a person is capable of ethical activity. The ethical root of this behavior stems from his spirituality. With the soul, by the soul and precisely because man has a spiritual soul then man can make himself good or bad. Man's spirituality is therefore the root of his conduct inasmuch as the soul the root of psychological freedom.

## The unity and complexity of moral agents
The human person is a "unified whole" made up of material body and spiritual soul. the human body does not function independently of the soul, and strictly speaking, neither does the soul function independently of the body whilst it continues being its first active principle. The body is governed and given targets by the soul. What we call an action is is the result of this union. In Ethics, we call it __intention__ and its exterior projection is what we call behaviour/conduct or simply __action__. 
The complexity of the human person can also be understood in another way. That is to say as a unitary synthesis of __nature and freedom__ where nature simply means we are biologically constituted, what is given or received; the potencies or powers of our body, while freedom is the capacity one has to direct one's actions to one end or another to the good one chooses.
